So what we will do uh this being a hands on session, right?
I will explain, OK, some of these features and as, as we go through, right,
for each of the
capabilities are use cases that we do as hands on.
I will just keep,
keep calling out the key messages that we have to uh pass on to the client.
So the use cases that we would see today
are
the first couple of steps in the five step process that we were looking at.
So
one, how do we establish a living knowledge base?
And second,
we will just talk about how do we leverage the, the knowledge base
and start
implementing some of the use cases which we call this hyper automation,
which would probably uh which mostly is focused on
resolving tickets.
All right.
Uh
Before I get in, OK, just a couple of uh
messages. OK? That we already went through living knowledge base
is going to have consist of OK. Three major components.
One is OK.
Your traditionally what we were using,
say your SOP is that the client had knowledge based articles
or uh diagnostics, information about the application
or any process
the second part of it is OK? The
implicit knowledge, OK? The SME had
and finally OK. Today, OK.
What we are going to see is one of the most exciting thing with GEN A
is how do we reverse engineer code and
generate documentation even for application that don't have
any documentation.
And then hyper
automation is where OK, we will see how we can resolve tickets using. Yeah or gen A.
So what you see on screen is the genus A landing page.
Click on get started.
And here you would see the list of all projects to which OK, you would have access to
for the demo. We have access to a banking form.
I'm going to click on view this project
on the landing page.
On the left hand side,
you have the list of use cases
exactly listed as per the discussion that we had.
So typically OK, we start with building the living knowledge base.
So you have the first part of the demo or OK. First part of uh the use cases static.
Now the module here, OK. This helps in setting up the gen A based knowledge base.
So for any A I or J
A use case, right? Data, the the input data is key now here. OK.
We will see how do we get uh how do we build that?
Now, traditionally
there were
uh keys, one of the key sources of knowledge, right? OK. Is the existing SOPS
are uh the knowledge base articles were there
for some of these clients? We have also seen clients use
a lot of tools like uh uh BBM tool like Selinus.
For example, if I click on the process diagnostics, right? For example, OK.
Here we have the data from Selinus
of one of the clients. OK? You can look at OK, how Salle
is actually OK,
captures a business process
and it took,
it gives details about what are the steps in the world and what
were the uh what was the throughput of each of those steps?
Now, this gets added to our knowledge base. OK.
The other part of the knowledge
is the knowledge base that the, the implicit knowledge. OK, that an SME has.
Now how do we capture that?
What we have been doing in the past is we would
typically have transition sessions like the call that we're having.
Now,
once this is recorded,
we can transcribe the call.
So here, OK.
We see a number of uh KT sessions that
have happened across different waves and different functional areas.
If you look at banking payments,
now, I can see that there were multiple sessions. OK? Which have happened
on this topic.
For each topic, I can look at that whether a transcript is available or not.
Once a transcript is available,
I can view the transcript
where you see the actual video on the left
and the transcription at the right
transcription by itself is not gene,
we have a lot of tools. OK? Which does that.
But what we do is we use our deep learning models to capture content. OK?
Which is being shared like the architecture diagram,
which is being uh shared over screen
embedded within the transcript at
the uh at the right places.
Once the transcription is available across multiple sessions,
we can create a system understanding document which synthesizes
uh data from all of this and creates one single documentation.
OK?
So we talked about two sources of knowledge, uh knowledge part,
the process diagnosis and the knowledge from the S MS the third.
And the most important. And the most exciting part
is how we reverse engineer the application.
OK?
So while we reverse engineer,
what I'm going to do is the first thing is OK.
I've clicked on reverse engineer in the left
and I'm going to add
an application source code
which I want to reverse engineer.
So when I clicked on plus, it has uh it has opened me my
github.
I can see all my code files which are loaded here.
OK?
And what I'm going to do is
I'm going to expand
the gen with a Copilot
and I'm going to prompt the thing that I
want to upload my code for my retail banking application
if you notice. OK. The Copilot has two modes.
One is a command mode and another is a Q and A mode right now. It is in a command mode.
So I'm issuing a command asking you to upload my coat.
So I love to browse pointer to the right source code file.
I'm here. I'm going to browse and I'm going to load my,
see once the file is uploaded.
All right. Now I can start with my reverse engineering.
Now, I can view the output
two key things to sh uh to talk to your client about. One is
let's start with the topology.
So what
by reverse engineering,
we have created the hierarchy of our application.
So if I for example, if I take
one of the
three files
here,
you can see the code on the right hand side
of this account dot C file,
you can scroll down and you can look at the whole code,
you can also look at the explanation of this quote.
So this is what Gen Air has generated about
this particular file
and it has explained what functionality is being
implemented using this code file.
Yeah,
while we understood what is this code is for,
we also reverse engineer
and extract the business rules from the court
and convert it into a user story.
So if I click on this user story,
we have identified the user story for which OK. This code would have been written
and the acceptance criteria
that's coming,
I'm going to move on.
I can also similarly write the future
to which OK? This user story is related to.
Now another
thing is if I look, if I have to, if I understood what the
business rule is,
we could also generate the test case or the steps
which are required to
regression test this
use case if it is implemented today.
So you can see the test case, the expected result and the test steps here,
Jen Wizzard would also generate the test script.
So in this case, it's a Selenium script
which can be used to test,
which could be uh which could be executed to
test this functionality.
Now, what did
now what has happened is
we started with an just with application code, we have reversed engineered.
We've extracted the rules. We also have created a regression suite pack.
Yeah.
Now if I go back
now that a single application might have multiple class files
or
uh multiple files
and multiple methods,
how do we consolidate all this knowledge?
If
I can click on the wiki,
I would see all this knowledge.
OK, being put into documentation about this whole application.
So it has different sections like overview,
what were the futures of this application,
the functional architecture,
the technical architecture and the sequence
diagrams you can scroll through and you can look at
what are all the information that we reverse engineer and what we generate here.
Yeah.
So what do we have as of now?
We have got code explanation.
We have got a reverse engineer and created the user stories.
We have created the test cases and test scripts.
We have generated a wiki of the application.
We have harvested the knowledge from reverse engineering.
Now, how do I start using this
knowledge?
However,
we established a living knowledge base and the best
part of it is this is living knowledge base.
So if the code changes,
we could regenerate all of this again on the flight.
OK.
Now how do I start using this knowledge?
The first
use case
is to have
a
digital assistant.
OK. A Q and a assistant who could cater to different persons.
For example,
um
uh a a support engineer or a developer might want to ask some questions. OK.
Say maybe what are the payment methods?
You could ask questions and the and the board is going
to immediately look for information from what has been generated.
Every time we reverse engineer an application or a wiki,
it could once OK, it is also approved. It also goes and to the knowledge base.
So that means OK, any time OK, somebody has a question,
they could immediately get a response.
It could be used by multiple person as a developer might want to know about
some of the features. Uh
OK. Support engineer might have a ticket.
OK, which is talking about in year 001, they get an immediate answer.
So at the end of
the living knowledge base, now we have
the knowledge
and we have uh digital assistant.
I uh so most of this part has been done by the traditional models, right? OK. So
what is the differentiation that OK,
we are bringing in from an asset perspective here?
OK.
Understood we might be switching it, but I think
most of this can be issued through the prompt
engineering that comes from the base foundational models,
right?
I mean, just what kind of custom development
it has been done here to qualify this kind of more from an asset to my visit
or general visit asset perspective.
See the foundation models
don't do that to the to the end to end perspective that OK, we are doing
OK
with prompt
integrating, you could probably get it but OK with Jen,
you're getting it
right out of the box
and I would also probably OK, I think that OK,
once you go through the remaining set of use cases,
you will get to understand we are OK?
Just at step one,
we OK, we are just establishing the knowledge base
but the key benefit to the client or the differentiation keeps
coming as we build on top of this living knowledge base.
OK? So I think OK, your question, OK, will get answered. OK?
As we go through the remaining steps as well.
So
one quick difference, my Addison is
so when you upload a code, right, there are a lot of code chunks, right?
For each one, you need to write a prompt,
each code chunk to get an explanation and then
um create a wiki. So uh
your um uh LL MS can give you a code explanation for each chunk.
You will write a separate
prompt and all. So gene
will come with this prompt library inbuilt already.
Um and then create this
all the artifacts that we not certain, right?
So in this use case that you did
that you pick a piece of code from a client
and you do this all these uh reverse engineering and,
and use cases
for that piece of code that you took from client
where all have this code gone. Let's say today it's sitting all in clients
a state of applications.
We take that code
depending on all these deployment options that we have
is this piece of code now gone from clients
enter
landscape to, I don't know in accenture's
SJ
wizard landscape and then maybe passed on to
Azure A
iops or whatever other uh
underlying LL models that we are going to use where I'll have that piece of code,
which is proprietary tol.
In this particular example, where is,
where all do we have footprints of that piece of?
So there are two parts to the answer. One is OK. Where has the code gone?
And then finally, where is the code uh the data getting stored
uh where it has gone
de
that depends on
where we are hosting
Z visit
in a accenture hosted.
Then with, of course, look at the data,
the client source code or the data has come from
their environment into accenture environment and it gets processed,
it gets stored.
And for,
for reverse engineer, I
work uh
uh to,
to reverse engineer and to process.
And even for the upcoming use cases, we are going to send this to
Azure Open
Air, which is our
uh underlying foundation model today. But of course,
we'll have more choices later.
But when it gets sent to Azure,
the key question that you're trying to answer is what is the
security or what does uh what does it mean for the client?
So there
a zero open A because we are not using uh we
are using the enterprise subscription of a zero open area,
right?
So that means that
a Microsoft Azure does not store that code,
they don't use it for training their models.
It is a clean entry and a clean exit.
OK? So that is the assurance that
the data is not stored in any form by you as your open
A I
our agreement will ensure, but it will still make a round trip, it will go there,
they process the data and
feed the output back.
Yes.
But where it gets stored is ultimately OK? In our own vector database.
OK. Now where the vector database might remain in an un
premised deployment, it might remain on premise in accenture size
and
it remains with us
depending on the deployment options, whatever they choose,
that's where it will store.
Yeah,
but I, I do, I just want to extend this question.
I think one of the reasons why this question keeps coming up
or one of the uh drivers behind this question is right?
Whether clients would agree to
share their code with accenture as the environment of the
thing?
I think we also have to look at
what are the tools that the client is using? Are they using github
or something which is already on cloud?
But if client uses client would use, even if they're using cloud,
they'll use under their own subscription of cloud.
See even
a open,
we could uh if the client is already
having a zero open a subscription, we could leverage that.
We don't have, they don't have to go with accenture subscription of open
yet
with our,
with our platform, we can leverage
how whatever, OK,
the the client subscription with their own security policies enforced on top of it,
we can use it.
Uh So this is applicable for which technologies are we talking about?
The complete cloud technologies like
Azure fabric or maybe Informatica, things like that as well?
Or is it limited to the web applications?
Uh You mean the reverse engineering?
Yes, the reverse engineering
uh see it works uh properly.
Uh I think I can get the uh technologies that
we have tested and where it works very well.
So it works very well for java.net Python
and Angler and a lot of focus scripting languages very well.
OK.
Uh uh
proce
a
lot of OK, languages that are already,
which we have tested and it works very well and that list is ever expanding.
OK.
Uh
And there has been uh
different levels of success with
platforms like ASAP.
OK.
How about the date
I
uh data side? I don't think.
OK, we have an example today but uh but I'm sure, OK,
it's into our uh a number of new areas like that are looking to our road map
to gen whatever has been generated
using the reverse
engine
technique, it
is not 100% accurate,
correct. So we'll end up fine tuning that to,
let's say, make it 100%.
But in this case, probably 90% maybe in certain cases, it could be 70% 80%.
But ultimately, we wanna make sure that
it is 100% by making some enhancements of edits or whatever it is.
Now to maintain that 100% accuracy
on an ongoing basis.
You said that this whole thing can be regenerated as many times as possible, right?
So what happens to the
edits or changes that we make?
Uh
do we need to make it every time or it's maintained separately so that
you know that Accurus is maintained all through?
Uh huh see um
uh a
anything that you edit, right?
Uh If, if I understand the question, OK, you're saying that uh uh
if a document has been generated with 80% accuracy. You have edited it to make it 100%
right?
Uh It would be retained,
OK? What we would uh and anyway, OK, there is a uh a lot of new features as well, OK?
Which are coming in
but for now one OK. Important thing is OK?
You will also see an accuracy score which indicates
our
current level of uh
uh accuracy. OK? That the
uh the system is OK, determined in terms of averse generating this.
Now, we have built the foundation the knowledge base.
Let's very quickly talk about how do we use this in hyper automation of
resolving tickets.
All right.
One of the,
so we have been using a tr uh for a lot of you in this call looking
like no automatic ticket resolver which where we
have used A I for resolving tickets for last
78 years.
So let's think of a scenario where
a user, generator, ticket
and end user who is calling a service desk
on phone
is reporting a,
reporting an issue.
Traditionally, I could not capture what the user was talking.
I could not convert that into
information.
What used to happen was an engineer. Uh A user is calling an L one support team
uh five or seven or eight minute call at the end of the call, the L one support user
is actually summarizing what he has heard. OK?
Or based on his notes that he has written down, he's creating a ticket,
the ticket gets resolved mostly by an L two or
L three engineer who did not interact to the user.
And now that could mean that
any information that is lost in this
process because of the manual activity involved
would mean a delay in resolving tickets
that could happen for many reasons, right?
The accent of the user could be different or
the it could just be pure information less.
So what we are seeing here is
we see that a call has been started by a user
who started calling the service desk about any issue.
The call
is getting recorded
and uh the moment, OK, the call is recorded, we can actually, so in this case,
you're seeing a conversation between the
user and the
one engine. Yep,
at the end of the call,
gen
can some,
you can actually you can see the whole uh conversation that the,
the the conversation between the user and the support engineer here
at the end of it,
gen a can
extract information out of it,
map it to the
ticket
fields and create a template.
So you see that the information of the whole
conversation has come to a standard ticket template,
which now the L one engineer can directly log as a ticket.
So this means that there is not going to
be any information that is lost in the process.
Now, while I have logged the ticket,
what next?
How can I reserve this ticket,
right?
No,
if you are following me, you can actually click on
the ticket number
and you can actually see
the ticket. Ok. Having been locked,
you can click on the ticket number.
On the right hand side, you see
the the ticket details.
And if you look at the resolution tab
because we built the knowledge base,
all the resolution
steps are from the knowledge base article has been
upload it here.
J
also has determined
if you click on the workflow tab. Now
you will see that Jane also has
generated
or OK has identified the workflow which gets triggered to resolve this issue.
So this seems to be a P and critical issue. And when I click on view workflow,
it is actually showing the sequence of steps it took,
which
was used to resolve this process.
One of the messages that
I have seen
uh
that helps us differentiate here, right?
For most people, OK.
Automation is a very pointed script, say restart a bad job, there's a small script,
OK, which goes and restart the bad job.
But here what we are seeing is an
workflow with all
the intelligence built into including the decision points,
right at different points of an automation script,
there are different outcomes and sorry,
different results based on a result in a previous step,
the automation flow has to take different paths.
And one of the things is that
some of those steps also probably cannot be executed without a human in the loop.
So there uh what
what our solution? OK? Does is it could introduce
or it could even track the
approval process
which could happen through a chat bot message or
email message where when the end use uh the,
when the appro
when the approval provides the approval, then it can proceed to the next step.
The OK. Some of these messages, we can really help. OK? Depending on
uh if your audience or if a person wants to know, how do you control? OK.
How do you make sure that
we are automating, right? The steps
now we could
OK. Now, going back to our previous this right
now, we saw the ticket number.
If you could also click on
uh the the other.
Uh If you look at this, look at uh J A also has now done a root cause analysis.
So if you click on the event tops
link here,
now what we are seeing is that
when a user generated or when a user ticket was created immediately J
has captured that event or the failure,
it has created an event in the
system.
Uh
The priority and the status has been defined.
One of the key thing is if you click on A I insights,
if you're with me,
what has happened is as soon as the ticket is
uh see automating the ticket is one part of it.
But we all know that automation is not the end goal.
We have to understand why this issue occur
in a manual when it is done manually. A lot of times the focus is on resolving tickets
and uh the root cause analysis probably gets pushed to the back burner.
But what we, what Geno
is now doing is
it has first of all created a summary of what had happened
then from the knowledge base, it has actually given the recommended resolution.
It has done, it has created a first draft of the root cause analysis.
While it's also doing that, it has also suggested a resolution script
which could resolve this issue.
Of course, this can't be directly be executed in production.
It uh
uh subject matter, expert reviews, this code decides, OK,
whether this is the right thing
and if it is the right thing,
it can get executed and this can also be pushed into
the library so that the next ticket of the same category
can be resolved with this.
So this gives
a
in summary, what you have got
is
now using the knowledge base that we saw in step one.
Now we have done a few things.
One
when a user called,
we first of all look logged the ticket automatically from the user conversation.
We have just understood uh
the, the voice and we have created a ticket
two.
We have automated that ticket,
we have executed a workflow
that took a result. Cer ticket
three, we have a first draft of the root
cause
and a potential resolution script.
So when you do this, I mean, as we trust more and more of the ja
I to
to do some of this and I think your a tr used to do that anyway, before
one of the things is as we move more into this journey, I think
you, you showed that OK, when something happens, it picked up a workflow
that should be triggered,
right? As a potential resolution and
there may be a manual intervention for some time, et cetera.
But could you comment a little bit about
to what extent?
I mean we can we can generate some explainability as to why Jane,
I recommended that workflow
because if I have some fine prints,
maybe a particular keyword should be there
and it would have picked a different workflow
instead.
Is there an explainability element to it?
Saying why something is picking up or do I have to wait
for another 100 such tickets to come in before it learns?
No, no.
Uh for a uh so how it identified the workflow
is based on the short description of the ticket?
So for each ticket, I could go back later on
and find
why. Uh uh what was uh what OK. Why that particular prediction?
Which keyword, how much it influenced the final confidence score
is part of our uh explainability.
So you could get into automatic ticket resolver, although I'm not showing it here.
The second version of the demo, but in the actual version, OK,
you can actually understand how each of these
words can uh influence the final decision.
So there is a way to do, get that and,
and get it corrected up front instead of waiting for a high volume of
similar tickets to come in
the right.
Ok.
Uh uh we
of the
location.
I'm just wondering where does
uh I can understand the call getting translated?
Um you know, transcribed
and, and uh getting the details.
But after that wouldn't A I would have done whatever else we are trying to do.
Do we need
A I or should we be using A? I, let me answer this.
Gen
would use gen,
it would use A I
or it could even use a rule based
decision
depending on
what it is trying to do each of the steps that we are trying to do.
There is an appropriate mechanism that
would be required to do it
and the right thing would be done would be taken behind the scenes. We are not using J
for every single place.
It's a combination of JIA I
and rule based automation.
OK.
Where you are using gen A specifically in this use case,
one is to summarize the ticket.
Second is to get a first draft of the
uh root cause.
Uh third is to find the best knowledge base are the, the,
the recommended resolution steps.
OK.
I could also use J A
in this use case to generate the workflow that we saw right
from the. So
if I have to create a workflow I could use. OK.
So there are multiple areas within gen visit where OK, gen A is being used.
OK?
There are places where A I is used.
All of that is OK. GEN visit,
which underlying is L A model it uses
see uh for the examples that we have seen so far. It is Azure open
A I
GP T 3.3 0.5.
OK.
Uh For code generation, we would be using
GP T four
which is still in preview stage, but we are allowed to use it.
Yeah, that come see all of that is completely transparent to you behind the scenes.
OK. Uh
Zen wizard will take care of calling the right models.
So to reach at this, this level uh right now for auto fixing, etcetera.
So we started to directly recording a call and you know, generating the script,
et cetera.
Uh But before reaching this point, do I need to, you know, uh I mean, it, it's, it's,
it's the knowledge uh repository,
what we built that is enough or I need to take care of topology, I need to take care of
uh you know, installing agents and all the I
I mean
uh there, there should be some prerequisite.
Uh
yes. Uh see just like what
Kaushik was saying, right? For,
for deploying your OK. Gen Wither platform. There are some prerequisite
for the use cases.
There are some prerequisites. For example, then we
should have access to some specific target servers and log files. OK? To which OK?
It needs access to,
right?
For one use case, maybe it requires access to an application database.
For another one, it might need the infrastructure log uh or the server logs.
So for each use case is part of a use case design.
It is to be taken care
and that is where OK, your automation architects come in. OK?
They have to design the most secure
and the efficient way of designing an automation use case.
Uh It needs, for example, OK. Here it needs access to your transcription of the call.
If you, if you have a project or if you're a contractor as the service, thats correct,
you can get it from
Aws connect are near the system. OK? Where OK. This information is available.
OK.
I can reuse my existing automation
uh repositories, right? I mean Selenium or whatever repositories I have,
I can reuse those. And that is part of the knowledge, knowledge base. Is it?
I mean initially when we,
when we
is there a question that you already have some automation
bots subscripts.
So yeah, we have bots. So so far we have we were driving all automation
a automation, right?
So I have 100 scripts already lying in my environment doing certain things, right?
For development, I will be executing some
creation suit, for example.
Yes. So
all
the knowledge, knowledge,
knowledge making uh the central deposit, that's the initial part of it.
They don't go into the uh into the knowledge base.
They would remain in your respective tools like OK?
A LB tools.
OK. What needs to be pulled in
into the knowledge base? OK. That depends on the use case. OK?
We'll pull in, for example,
if you have a SOP and that gets added to the knowledge base, OK?
It's going to answer in the Q and A bot.
OK? It helps. OK? We will ingest that.
OK.
So it is to be defined for each use case, se
what is required.
So we talked about a scenario where a user is reporting a problem next. OK?
We'll also talk about a scenario where a monitoring system has detected an issue, a
monitoring tool, right?
So in this case, OK, we are using
genu
monitoring tool. So I received, I see there is some notification.
So when I click on this,
I'm actually seeing that there has been an issue,
users are able are not able to activate a new credit card.
And now when I uh
when I click on
from watch,
I can now see
the whole topology at the top down view
of the plane's landscape.
So now there's a very clear indication of how
the issues are originated at a V server
because of which certain a pas failed and web services failed.
And that caused an impact on one of
the application services about raising credit limit.
And that meant OK, the cards functionality was
impacted
when I go below this,
you could show to the client if I look at the most recent issue.
When I scroll below,
I can see a timeline view of the different
P.
So it started with an issue, started with a V
server
few minutes or a few seconds later, it impacted your sapas and so on. Finally. OK.
Till your
business process failed.
Can you click on
the ticket number here?
The same flow starts from here.
We see that the ticket has been locked
and when I click into the ticket now I can again, OK, see the resolution for this,
the workflow
and I can see the root cause
as well.
So the uh
for a user uh for a user generator ticket,
we had additional complexity of understanding what
the user says and transcribe or OK,
create that into a transcribe and create that as a ticket for a system generator
ticket because the system generator ticket would already
be logged in into the ticketing tool.
We can take that and we can go through the same
flow of triggering the automation and doing the root cause analysis.